Hello, me or whoever is reading this. I'm  a 1st year IT Student about to come along 2nd year in about 2 more weeks. I am making this journal to have some documentation about my journey in specializing myself on specific fields of Information Technology. Let's discuss those fields actually, as I type very slowly (lmao), I have experience in Software Engineering, specifcally Java. We tackled C# too but we never got in depth, so as JavaScript and even Android Studio. But those were in Senior Highschool days so I believe I've forgotten most of the basics already. We REALLY were focused on Java, like just good ole Java and OOP. The other field is, Hardware Engineering. Just knowing about how to build a computer, what components do which and their specifications and their functions, the whole thing. Then Web Development, I guess this is the least of my interests, but we did have experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Then there's OS Troubleshooting and Management, just knowing how to fix system errors, whether it maybe a deep and challenging process or just some basic common error troubleshooting. And then there is Cybersecurity / Cloud Computing, I recently took interest on this and I really want to know a lot about managing and protecting data from hackers, and maybe some data hacking myself. But ultimately, I just want to know about networking and knowing about the practices of protecting, maintaining systems and networks from cyberattacks, basically knowing how it happens and creating solutions that counteract those attacks, cuz hackers be popping off everywhere around the world. And then finally, one of my best interests is AI Engineering. Like I use ChatGPT in a regular basis, like anything that I ever wanted to know, everything I wanted to do, everything I wanted to plan, everything I wanted to create, and everything I wanted to learn, ChatGPT literally fills all the boxes. And it intrigues me so much on how this is all systematically possible, like I question it a lot, if there is ever a limit to knowing everything we ever wanted to know. And I want to go in depth on AI, how it functions, its limitations, what more can be done, what's more to improve, and maybe we can make another breakthrough in technological advancements by using AI, in which it is one by itself. And thats basically the fields of IT I want to undergo and learn throughout my young college life. Basically be familiarized with technology, devices, hardware, and at the same time with the Frontend and Major IT fields like Software, Hardware, Web, Cloud Computing, Networking, Cybersecurity, AI and etc. This is all that I got for now, I'll create more notes like these. My plan for now is see what else I can explore with Software Engineering, and focus on one more other field at a time, and I'm gonna choose Cybersecurity / Cloud Computing on that note. 
